Purpose of collection and use of personal information

The company may collect personal information to provide services to customers, and may use it for the following purposes.

(1) Member management: Used for personal identification, identity verification, prevention of fraudulent use, customer response, notice delivery, etc.
(2) Service and content development
It can be used to improve existing services, develop new services, provide customized services, and provide event and advertising information.

Your personal information will be strictly secured on our server according to privacy policy and will not be used for any purpose other than our service.

Privacy Policy

We take your privacy very seriously. We do not disclose personal information to third parties without the member's consent for any reason. Your personal information will be collected and used according to the policy below.

Personal information (e-mail address, password, nickname)
For personal identification, we collect e-mail addresses and passwords as members' unique information. Email information is used for personal identification and authentication, and passwords are used for account protection. This information is stored securely in our account database and is never shared with third parties outside of us.
music related information
Information used or created by members in this service may be collected and used to improve the quality of this service. Music information listened to by members, playlists created, friend lists, My Menu, profiles, etc. are stored on our server and used to use services, share music information, receive content recommendations, and utilize related content. will. This information can be used for services provided to members, but is not provided to third parties in connection with members' unique information without the member's consent.
Collecting additional information
When members participate in events and promotions, the following information may be collected after separate consent. The information below is automatically deleted within 4 weeks after the event ends.
- Name, email address, mobile phone number, address
Retention period of personal information

1. Users' personal information is kept until the purpose of collecting or receiving the personal information is achieved.
2. When a member withdraws from membership, the collected personal information is completely deleted and processed so that it cannot be used for any purpose.
3. If the member has not used the service for 1 year or has no record of activity, personal information can be deleted to safely protect personal information and prevent damage.

If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy, please contact the Hi-Fi Rose customer center.
www.eng.hifirose.com
